Minionette.Region
=================

`Minionette.Region`s help manage subviews of a `Minionette.View`,
allowing you to specify directly in a template where a subview should be
attached. A view can have any number of regions, each managing their own
part of the overall view. All regions use an internal "placeholder" view
that will be present in the DOM generated by a render. Attaching a view
to the region will cause the entire placeholder to be replaced with the
entire view, meaning that subviews behave exactly like normal views with
a top level element defined in code.


## #reset(detach = false)

The `#reset()` method resets the region to using the placeholder view.
It optionally takes a `detach` parameter that, when true, will not call
`view.remove()` on the region's current view.


## #render()

The `#render()` method is a helper that delegates to the region's view.


## #attach(newView, detach = false)

The `#attach()` method attaches `newView` (top level element and all) to
the region in the exact same spot as the region's current view. It
optionally takes a `detach` parameter that, when true, will not call
`view.remove()` on the region's current view.

### "attach" Event

The "attach" event is fired before the region's current view is replaced
with the newView and before any DOM changes take place. The newView and
the region are passed as the arguments.

### "attached" Event

The "attached" event is fired after the region's current view is
replaced with the newView and after all DOM changes take place. The
newly attached view and the region are passed as the arguments.


## #detach()

The `#detach()` method detaches the region's current view (storing a
reference to it internally) and replaces it with the placeholder. That
current view is stored internally so that you can call `#reattach()`.
This is exceptionally useful during rendering, since detaching the
region will preserve the current view's DOM event listeners.

### "detach" Event

The "detach" event is fired before the region's current view is detached
and before any DOM changes take place. The current view and the region
are passed as the arguments.

### "detached" Event

The "detached" event is fired after the region's current view is
detached and after all DOM changes take place. The newly detached view
and the region are passed as the arguments.


## #reattach()

The `#reattach()` method takes the internally stored detached view (see
[#detach()](#detach)) and reinserts it into the parent view.

### "reattach" Event

The "reattach" event is fired before the region's detached view is
reattached and before any DOM changes take place. The detached view and
the region are passed as the arguments.

### "reattached" Event

The "reattached" event is fired after the region's detached view is
reattached and after all DOM changes take place. The newly attached
view and the region are passed as the arguments.


## #remove()

The `#remove()` method removes the region (and subviews) from the
parent view.

### "remove" Event

The "remove" event is fired before calling `#remove()` on the subviews.
The region is passed at the only argument.

### "removed" Event

The "remove" event is fired after calling `#remove()` on the subviews.
The region is passed at the only argument.

Note that if you used `region.listenTo(region, 'removed', ...)`, the
listener will never be fired because `#remove()` calls
`#stopListening()`. To properly listen for this event, use
`region.on('removed', ...)`.
